---
layout: page
---
<p>Need help positioning your content in Bootstrap? Want to know how to make rows
and columns without resorting to using tables? Flexbox is a CSS positioning tool
that goes well with Boostrap.In this blog post will inform you how to incorporate
Flexbox in your Bootstrap, how to make rows and columns, and other positioning
techniques that you can use for your next project.</p>
<p>First, let's talk about how to add Flexbox to your project. To add Flexbox,
you must create a Flexbox container. You create a Flexbox container by creating
a regular bootstrap container for fluid container. This is done by creating a div
tag which contains the class of container or container-fluid. After doing that,
 go to your CSS or main.scss files and call your container selector. After calling your
 container selector in css or main.scss, then add the display property containing
 the value of flex or inline-flex.</p>
 <p>Now that we know how to add Flexbox to our project, let's figure out how to use
 it to position content into rows and columns. For this example, let's fill your
 container with four div tags and label them with the class of box. Then, let's
 style each of these box divs with the width of 100px and height of 100px.Afterwards, add a
 a background color for your boxes. Now let us also add additional styling to our container
of about 500px width and 300px height, to make the following examples easier to see.
If you saved your work and then look at your index.html page, you can see that all four of
your boxes are in one row to your top left corner of your container. The reason for this
is due to our flex-direction by default is row, also known as our x-axis or main axis. If we continued
to adding boxes, then we would be making new rows out the extra boxes that didn't
fit in the previous row unless stated otherwise.</p>
<p>The other flex-direction is column also known as the y-axis or cross axis.This will
help you produce columns using your content in the container.If the container runs out of
space in the container to place in a column, then the boxes will soon create a new columns. You can also use row-reverse and column-reverse to change the order of the boxes and place them in the opposite ends of the container.
 </p>
 <p>With rows and columns covered, let's talk about the different ways we can position the content within a Flex container. If you would like to center the boxes into the center of the container, then you would type
 justify-content:center and align-items. If you want the boxes to be aligned horizontally and centered. If you like to align the boxes in the center vertically, then or you would write in CSS display:flex, flex-direction:column and then write align-items:center and justify-content. I do need to bring up that when you change the flex-direction, that you will  also be changing / changes whether you will use justify-content or or align. </p>
